Label	Weight	Text
l_AMALuis	2.071429	shut down my work computer
l_AMALuis	2.071429	turn off living room light
l_AMALuis	2.071429	crear sitio
l_AMALuis	2.071429	crear sitio en sharepoint
l_AMALuis	2.071429	turn on external speaker
l_AMALuis	2.071429	fish pond on please
l_AMALuis	2.071429	turn thermostat on 70.
l_AMALuis	2.071429	shut down my work computer
l_AMALuis	2.071429	turn off living room light
l_AMALuis	2.071429	crear sitio
l_AMALuis	2.071429	crear sitio en sharepoint
l_AMALuis	2.071429	turn on external speaker
l_AMALuis	2.071429	fish pond on please
l_AMALuis	2.071429	turn thermostat on 70.
l_Office365Luis	2.416667	eliminar item de lista
l_Office365Luis	2.416667	crear documento word
l_Office365Luis	2.416667	eliminar documento de biblioteca
l_Office365Luis	2.416667	eliminar item de lista
l_Office365Luis	2.416667	crear documento word
l_Office365Luis	2.416667	eliminar documento de biblioteca
l_Office365Luis	2.416667	eliminar item de lista
l_Office365Luis	2.416667	crear documento word
l_Office365Luis	2.416667	eliminar documento de biblioteca
l_Office365Luis	2.416667	eliminar item de lista
l_Office365Luis	2.416667	crear documento word
l_Office365Luis	2.416667	eliminar documento de biblioteca
None	2.9	turn on the internet in my bedroom please
None	2.9	turn on the internet in my bedroom please
None	2.9	turn on the internet in my bedroom please
None	2.9	turn on the internet in my bedroom please
None	2.9	turn on the internet in my bedroom please
None	2.9	turn on the internet in my bedroom please
None	2.9	turn on the internet in my bedroom please
None	2.9	turn on the internet in my bedroom please
None	2.9	turn on the internet in my bedroom please
None	2.9	turn on the internet in my bedroom please
q_AMAQnA	2.9	How large a knowledge base can I create
q_AMAQnA	2.9	How do I embed the QnA Maker service on my website
q_AMAQnA	2.9	How large a knowledge base can I create
q_AMAQnA	2.9	How do I embed the QnA Maker service on my website
q_AMAQnA	2.9	How large a knowledge base can I create
q_AMAQnA	2.9	How do I embed the QnA Maker service on my website
q_AMAQnA	2.9	How large a knowledge base can I create
q_AMAQnA	2.9	How do I embed the QnA Maker service on my website
q_AMAQnA	2.9	How large a knowledge base can I create
q_AMAQnA	2.9	How do I embed the QnA Maker service on my website
